Make it possible to overrride the builtin UI (#19017)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/ui.mdx

-> The UI requires **Vault 0.10 or higher** or Vault Enterprise.

> ~> **Vault 1.13** deprecated the `ui` parameter. The UI can now be enabled using
> the `ui_config.enabled` configuration option.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Style correction: avoid referencing behavior from previous versions. Focus on current behavior in the current documentation.

## Activating the Vault UI

The Vault UI is not activated by default. To activate the UI, set the `ui_config.enabled`
configuration option in the Vault server configuration. Vault clients do not
need to set this option, since they will not be serving the UI.

```hcl
ui_config {
  enabled = true
}

listener "tcp" {
  # ...
}
```

## `ui_config` Parameters

The `ui_config` stanza supports the following parameters:

>   - `enabled` `bool: false` - Whether to enable the Vault UI. This must be a
>     boolean value and defaults to `false`. In `-dev` mode this defaults to `true`.
>     This parameter replaces the `ui` parameter since Vault 1.13.0.
>   - `dir` `string: ""` - This specifies that the web UI should be served from an
>     external directory rather than the build in one. This allows for customization
>     or development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enabled` `bool: false` - Whether to enable the Vault UI. In production
   mode, the UI is disabled by default. In `-dev` mode the UI is enabled by
   default.
- `dir` `string: ""` - Defines the external directory from which Vault serves
  the web UI. If `dir` is empty, Vault serves the UI from a built-in directory.
  `dir` is an optional parameter that allows for customization and
  development.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, write in the active voice, focus on current behavior for current docs
